and I know already I know if this is the first
living this outfit as you can see
I'm wearing a blouse this is slabs of
dance is blue I think that usa
It was very fashionable for summer because
apart from being super cool you can
use with a top in as the
studies in May and you can also
use both day and night as
You can see the blouse in the back
it's a little bit longer and you can
use with laws if you do not want
use it with shorts
the state
and in the bottom part if using a
short these deaf of the mark
aeropostal and also summer is
perfect to use these types of short
and you can use them in any color and
especially the white that for me is a
basic for the sandals I'm wearing
these freights that are black and I think that
they have already seen it in a previous leaflet and
they are black and they have like this kind of
You strike something like that and I think they're super
pretty if some flags are also basic
for summer for accessories I'm
using these bracelets here that
we did in a previous video so I'm going
to leave the link below in case you want them
do and in addition to this golden watch
the second is this super casual dress
super simple is a promo color this
time and it's very simple and it's also cool
for the summer that you can also
add a correct one in the part of the
waist to accentuate what if that
you want
and see the sandals we use others
These cloud's flatts are from Steve Martin and
I love the touch of color that has
because it gives life to sandals
and obviously in summer some glasses
sun and these are from benetton and the third
and where I'm incorporating the
floral print although it makes you a
little bit bigger if you do not use the
flower print in summer and this is
a black blouse with little flowers
brand 1550
the sun is an American sun in a tone
clearer so there's contrast with
our blues
and although I do not like to wear shoes in
summer I think that for any time of
year
as well as that more sporty and casual
skin
Actions
ah